# Is-there-a-compatible-SL-870-1-
Is there a compatible SL 870-1? Many businesses are trying to cut costs these days, especially when all the products you need to effectively run your business is going up in price.  One of the most expensive business expenses is ink cartridges for postage machines.  Do you want to save on postage ink for all your Sendpro mail station machines?  At a normal cost of around $80 per cartridge that could add up quickly depending on your mailing volume.  But is there a compatible SL 870-1? You bet there is.  I know many business owners worry about ordering third party ink cartridges but do not worry.   To answer your question “Is there a compatible SL 870-1 ink cartridge?” We have the perfect solution for you. Here at Label Supply Mart, we offer a compatible SL 870-1 ink cartridge that is guaranteed to work in your Sendpro Mail station. In fact, you can save money for all your Sendpro mail station ink cartridges today! Our USPS-certified red ink SL-870-1 postage ink cartridge has SendPro SL-870-1 compatibility. Is there a compatible SL 870-1 that will not void my machine agreement? Yes, you can save money without voiding your machine agreement. Label Supply Mart’s compatible SL-870-1 ink cartridge is USPS-approved high-quality red ink. It is professionally formulated to work in your SendPro Postage Meter. Buy with confidence, knowing our products will not damage your machine. Is there a compatible SL 870-1 ink cartridge that has the same lifespan as the leading name brand cartridge? Yes, Label Supply Mart’s compatible SL 870-1 ink cartridge yields maximum impressions. Our SL-870-1 compatible ink cartridge costs less than any competitors out there AND outperforms! Our postage meter ink cartridge printing yields are equal to OEM, so you get more bang for your buck. See why our customers always come back for our compatible SL-870-1 red fluorescent ink cartridges. Please visit our website at https://www.labelsupplymart.com. Read our glowing reviews, you will not be disappointed. Label Supply Mart’s certified ink cartridges are suitable for use within the intended models of postage meters, and free of anything that could harm the equipment. We are so confident in their safety and effectiveness that if a mail machine is damaged due to the use of one of our products, we offer a 100% money back guarantee. Label Supply Mart is a postage meter supply market leader which sells postage meter supplies all over the United States. We have over 30 years of experience in the mailing industry &amp; our main focus is our commitment to superior service and customer satisfaction which has helped us establish an unequaled reputation within the mailing industry. We are also a family-owned business. Our products are made right here in the USA, never from China like our competitors. No supply chain issues here!  If you are looking for a replacement to the high-priced SL 870-1 ink cartridges and want to find a solution for your question “Is there a compatible SL 870-1 ink cartridge?” then you have found it, try Label Supply Mart today!
